README.md, before:

# About The Template

> [!IMPORTANT]
> This template is intended for development on Windows or Linux.
> If you're developing on a platform other than those, please look elsewhere.

> [!NOTE]
> Delete this section when you create a new repository from this template.

Key highlights of this template:

- 📂 "Project folder" approach - no more dispersed pack locations!
- 📦 Integrate external tools through npm
- ☑️ Out-of-the-box TypeScript support
- 🧹 Code formatter (Prettier) pre-configured
- 📜 Scriptable pack manifests
- 🔍 Minecraft Bedrock Debugger for VSCode pre-configured
- 🛠️ One command to build (compile) the add-on:
  - Compiles (and optionally bundles) behavior pack scripts written in JavaScript/TypeScript.
  - Converts [JSON5](https://json5.org/) files into plain JSON.
  - Generates [texture_list.json](https://wiki.bedrock.dev/concepts/textures-list) in resource pack.
  - Creates `.mcpack` or `.mcaddon` archive(s).
  - Copies the processed packs to user-specified locations like `development_behavior_packs`.

Important prior knowledge (optional):

- Git - [Git Tutorial For Dummies ▶️](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mJ-qvsxPHpY)
- Basic add-on development - [Bedrock Wiki 🎓](https://wiki.bedrock.dev/guide/introduction)
- JavaScript - [Tutorial by W3Schools 🎓](https://www.w3schools.com/js/)
- Node.js - [Tutorial by W3Schools 🎓](https://www.w3schools.com/nodejs/default.asp)

Cheatsheet can be found [here](./CHEATSHEET.md).

Check [other repositories from us](https://github.com/orgs/mcbe-toolbox-lc/repositories)!

<hr/>

# Untitled Add-on

No description.

## Installation (for users)

### Standard

1. Download an archive file with the `.mcaddon` extension for the version you want.
2. Open your file explorer app and find the file you downloaded in step 1.
3. Open the file to install. You should see a prompt like "Open with Minecraft".
4. Add the installed pack(s) to your (new) world.
5. Done!

### Manually

1. Download an archive file with the `.zip` extension for the version you want.

   ⚠️ Zip file may not be available. In that case, download the file the `.mcaddon` extension and
   change its file extension to `.zip`.

2. Open your file explorer app and find the file you downloaded in step 1.
3. Extract the zip file.
4. Copy and paste the extracted pack folder(s) into appropriate locations.

   You need to know where the `com.mojang` folder is. It heavily depends on what platform
   your device is on.

   On Windows:

   ```
   C:\Users\%username%\AppData\Roaming\Minecraft Bedrock\Users\Shared\games\com.mojang
   ```

   > For other platforms, find other resources online.

   Behavior pack must be copied into either `behavior_packs` or `development_behavior_packs`.

   Resource pack must be copied into either `resource_packs` or `development_resource_packs`.

5. Add the installed pack(s) to your (new) world.
6. Done!

## Installation (for developers)

> [!IMPORTANT]
> Mobile platforms are not supported.

Cheatsheet for developers can be found [here](./CHEATSHEET.md).

### Prerequisites

Please install these software on your system before proceeding:

- [Git](https://git-scm.com/install/)
- [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/) (v22 or later)
- [pnpm](https://pnpm.io/installation)

### Setup

1.  Clone it locally.

2.  Install dependencies

    Run the following command:

    ```
    pnpm install
    ```

3.  Create the `.env` file

    Create a new file named `.env` at top-level, and paste the text below to the file.
    Don't forget to replace `{USERNAME}` with your actual username!

    ```env
    # Default paths on Windows. You can specify any directory paths.
    DEV_BEHAVIOR_PACKS_DIR="C:\Users\{USERNAME}\AppData\Roaming\Minecraft Bedrock\Users\Shared\games\com.mojang\development_behavior_packs"
    DEV_RESOURCE_PACKS_DIR="C:\Users\{USERNAME}\AppData\Roaming\Minecraft Bedrock\Users\Shared\games\com.mojang\development_resource_packs"
    ```

### Build

Build in development mode.
Processed packs will be copied into the locations you specified in `.env`.

```bash
pnpm run build:dev
```

Build in development mode and watch.
Processed packs will be copied into the locations you specified in `.env`.

The build script will keep watching for file changes in the background until terminated.
When any file changes are detected, it will automatically rebuild.

```bash
pnpm run build:dev:watch
```

Create non-development build with version _0.6.9_.

```bash
pnpm dotenv -v VERSION=0.6.9 -- pnpm run build
```

Commit message:

docs(readme): add reminder to review build script

README.md, after:

# About The Template

> [!IMPORTANT]
> This template is intended for development on Windows or Linux.
> If you're developing on a platform other than those, please look elsewhere.

> [!NOTE]
> Delete this section when you create a new repository from this template.

Key highlights of this template:

- 📂 "Project folder" approach - no more dispersed pack locations!
- 📦 Integrate external tools through npm
- ☑️ Out-of-the-box TypeScript support
- 🧹 Code formatter (Prettier) pre-configured
- 📜 Scriptable pack manifests
- 🔍 Minecraft Bedrock Debugger for VSCode pre-configured
- 🛠️ One command to build (compile) the add-on:
  - Compiles (and optionally bundles) behavior pack scripts written in JavaScript/TypeScript.
  - Converts [JSON5](https://json5.org/) files into plain JSON.
  - Generates [texture_list.json](https://wiki.bedrock.dev/concepts/textures-list) in resource pack.
  - Creates `.mcpack` or `.mcaddon` archive(s).
  - Copies the processed packs to user-specified locations like `development_behavior_packs`.

Important prior knowledge (optional):

- Git - [Git Tutorial For Dummies ▶️](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mJ-qvsxPHpY)
- Basic add-on development - [Bedrock Wiki 🎓](https://wiki.bedrock.dev/guide/introduction)
- JavaScript - [Tutorial by W3Schools 🎓](https://www.w3schools.com/js/)
- Node.js - [Tutorial by W3Schools 🎓](https://www.w3schools.com/nodejs/default.asp)

**Don't forget to review and edit [the build script](./scripts/build.ts) to fit your needs.**

Cheatsheet can be found [here](./CHEATSHEET.md).

Check [other repositories from us](https://github.com/orgs/mcbe-toolbox-lc/repositories)!

<hr/>

# Untitled Add-on

No description.

## Installation (for users)

### Standard

1. Download an archive file with the `.mcaddon` extension for the version you want.
2. Open your file explorer app and find the file you downloaded in step 1.
3. Open the file to install. You should see a prompt like "Open with Minecraft".
4. Add the installed pack(s) to your (new) world.
5. Done!

### Manually

1. Download an archive file with the `.zip` extension for the version you want.

   ⚠️ Zip file may not be available. In that case, download the file the `.mcaddon` extension and
   change its file extension to `.zip`.

2. Open your file explorer app and find the file you downloaded in step 1.
3. Extract the zip file.
4. Copy and paste the extracted pack folder(s) into appropriate locations.

   You need to know where the `com.mojang` folder is. It heavily depends on what platform
   your device is on.

   On Windows:

   ```
   C:\Users\%username%\AppData\Roaming\Minecraft Bedrock\Users\Shared\games\com.mojang
   ```

   > For other platforms, find other resources online.

   Behavior pack must be copied into either `behavior_packs` or `development_behavior_packs`.

   Resource pack must be copied into either `resource_packs` or `development_resource_packs`.

5. Add the installed pack(s) to your (new) world.
6. Done!

## Installation (for developers)

> [!IMPORTANT]
> Mobile platforms are not supported.

Cheatsheet for developers can be found [here](./CHEATSHEET.md).

### Prerequisites

Please install these software on your system before proceeding:

- [Git](https://git-scm.com/install/)
- [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/) (v22 or later)
- [pnpm](https://pnpm.io/installation)

### Setup

1.  Clone it locally.

2.  Install dependencies

    Run the following command:

    ```
    pnpm install
    ```

3.  Create the `.env` file

    Create a new file named `.env` at top-level, and paste the text below to the file.
    Don't forget to replace `{USERNAME}` with your actual username!

    ```env
    # Default paths on Windows. You can specify any directory paths.
    DEV_BEHAVIOR_PACKS_DIR="C:\Users\{USERNAME}\AppData\Roaming\Minecraft Bedrock\Users\Shared\games\com.mojang\development_behavior_packs"
    DEV_RESOURCE_PACKS_DIR="C:\Users\{USERNAME}\AppData\Roaming\Minecraft Bedrock\Users\Shared\games\com.mojang\development_resource_packs"
    ```

### Build

Build in development mode.
Processed packs will be copied into the locations you specified in `.env`.

```bash
pnpm run build:dev
```

Build in development mode and watch.
Processed packs will be copied into the locations you specified in `.env`.

The build script will keep watching for file changes in the background until terminated.
When any file changes are detected, it will automatically rebuild.

```bash
pnpm run build:dev:watch
```

Create non-development build with version _0.6.9_.

```bash
pnpm dotenv -v VERSION=0.6.9 -- pnpm run build
```
